Update provisioning-faqs.md (#7473)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/provisioning-faqs.md

Some environment variables are exclusive to Terraform Enterprise or Terraform Cloud. For example, `TFE_PARALLLELISM` is a Terraform Enterprise environment variable that is not supported by the Terraform CLI. In order to use these environment variables, please make sure to use either Terraform Enterprise or Terraform Cloud.

### Does AWS CDK still require feature flags to be set in order to use?

> AWS CDK is Globally Available and does not require any Feature Flags to enable and use. For more information, please refer to the [AWS CDK Provisioning](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/aws-cdk/) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS CDK is globally available and does not require any feature flags to enable and use. For more information, please go to [AWS CDK Provisioning](/docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/aws-cdk/).
```
